I've seen so many good things about you.
You are so cute.
I'll cover your mouth
without my hand if you say that again.
Why?
Hey.
What program are you participating in
on sports day?
I haven't decided yet.
But scavenger hunt race
sounds like a lot of fun.
It's going to be so much fun!
Because I'm going to officiate it.
I'm looking forward to it.
Hi, Amane.
Fujimiya, good morning.
Good morning.
Amane, good morning.
CAFETERIA
Amane, did you argue with you-know-who?
Fujimiya, did you have a fight?
No, we didn't.
It's just... well...
Something happened.
A lot of things have happened.
I feel like we are
conscious of each other...
Man, how long are you
going to be a coward?
Shut up.
You're one of those guys
who are cautious about these things.
He can't approach her
unless he's 100 percent sure.
That's what a coward does.
If I could be confident that she likes me,
things would be so much easier.
If I were more handsome,
I would feel more confident.
You are great in every way,
except that you are self-deprecating.
It's not very convincing when you say it.
Setting this aside,
I'm determined
to deal with it at my own pace.
Don't rush me.
Of course, you can do that.
You are just making people
around you anxious, that's all.
Exactly.
When are we having a
"Let's kick Amane in the back party"?
Why would you have a party like that?
To encourage you.
Um...
I'm really sorry about yesterday.
I ran off before dinner.
It's okay, I don't mind.
But... speaking of which,
why did you do that?
It was an impulse, to get even with you.
To get even with me?
You have done the same to me as well.
When did I...
I guess you are right.
So I have the right to do the same.
That's not the point here.
The point is...
What?
Nothing.
I'm in the group red.
Right, Itsuki's in group white.
Why didn't they divide us
based on our surnames?
Then you still wouldn't
be in the same group.
We will win together!
I got it!
-Ah!
I get it. This is a tragedy.
A taboo relationship where
two enemies fell for each other.
Alright...
Which programs are
you participating in, Amane?
What do they have?
For which programs did you
sign up for the sports day?
Relay race and scavenger hunt race.
We have one in common.
I signed up for ball shooting
and scavenger hunt race.
Here. Enjoy.
Thanks.
So you don't plan to exercise.
I'm not great at sports anyway.
I remember you are
average level in PE class.
Unfortunately, that's true.
You don't like
sports day to be honest, right?
I don't hate sports.
But I hate being forced to do sports.
I can understand that.
I don't like being forced
to do things either.
Right?
I'll just try to contribute to the team.
It's a shame I can't see your performance.
You can count on me.
I might be excellent at ball shooting...
Maybe...
You are not sure?
It's not a popular program
and people won't care, after all.
You still have to work hard though.
I'll do it in moderation.
Come on.
This must be expensive.
You can tell?
I can tell from the package.
It's even better than I thought.
Really? Here.
Damn, I fed her without
thinking beforehand.
Mahiru, you can have it all.
I'll go make coffee.
You can have the rest.
I wanted to
keep a decent distance from her.
And I failed immediately.
THE 41ST SPORTS DAY
Come on! Group white!
Don't lose! Group red!
I'm beat.
Yeah.
I don't want to move a single muscle.
You don't look scornful.
I thought you'd hate this.
I can participate
in the programs I signed up for.
And I just have free time.
So I don't hate it that much this time.
By the way,
Chitose was chosen for the relay race
although she's not a track club member.
Does she run that fast?
Yeah.
She is very fast.
She was an ace member
of the track club in middle school.
Is that so?
Yeah.
She just didn't join the track club here.
She said it'd be a fuss if she got
into a quarrel with some seniors.
Why does she think that would happen?
There's a reason for that.
She's learned her lesson,
or you can say she's tired.
Tired?
She went through something before
starting a relationship with Itsuki.
How do I put it...
There was a senior member
in the track club who fancied Itsuki.
And Chitose got better results than her.
I see.
Chi, you are great!
Itsuki!
I'm back.
Did you see me?
Yeah, we did!
You were so fast!
Yippee! Thanks!
I should go now.
Time for the scavenger hunt race, right?
Amane.
I organized the program.
So you'll definitely like it.
Good luck.
I only have a bad feeling.
All competitors, please stand
at the starting line in order.
Ready...
Set...
Fujimiya, the person
I want to borrow is you.
Can you come with me
after you get everything you need?
-Me?
-Yeah.
She'll definitely pay for this.
What item do you have to get?
It's a secret.
It's you who I have to borrow.
Let's just finish the race.
What is your item, Fujimiya?
It's a secret.
Okay, we'll see at the finishing point.
Hey.
Is Shiina holding hands with that guy?
It's probably just because
she's borrowing him.
What the heck?!
Switch place with me, Fujimiya!
The two of them arrived together!
Aren't they competitors?
We were each other's scavenger item.
Let's see what tasks you got then.
Who first?
You go first, Fujimiya.
Let's see.
The task placed on the first
of the group red was...
find "the prettiest person."
You got it right, there's no doubt.
Next is Shiina.
What kind of task made
her choose to take me?
Group white, successfully reaching
the goal simultaneously, was tasked...
to get "An important person."
You've got some explaining
to do, Fujimiya.
Why were you together with Shiina?
How could you be her "important person"?
When did it start?
You two never interacted, right?
And what did she see in you?
I don't understand this.
I can't answer if you ask
so many questions at the same time.
Why don't you ask me one by one?
When did you get close to her?
Last year.
So...
The guy with Shiina
at the New Year festival and Golden Week...
That was probably me.
How did you two get close?
You almost never talked to each other.
And why did you pretend
that you were strangers?
We got to know each other
because we are neighbors.
And we pretended because
we knew there'd be a fuss.
I don't accept this.
Fujimiya, you...
Are you dating Shiina?
We are close and I can say that we
are very important to one another.
But we are not dating.
This is just a one-sided thing from me.
But you always looked like you
weren't interested in the Angel.
It's true that I'm not interested
in the Angel.
Because I only see a girl
called Mahiru Shiina.
Please leave him alone.
It'll be a bother if he can't
have lunch at lunchtime.
Shiina.
You said Fujimiya is an important person...
Amane is an important person to me.
So... So you like him?
If that is true,
what are you trying to say here?
No, I'm just thinking...
Why do you have to fall
for someone like Fujimiya?
Someone like Fujimiya?
Mahi... I mean Shiina.
Fujimiya is too average
to be your boyfriend.
You have better choices.
Is that so?
So, what's so average about Amane?
Eh... Well...
He's just...
Can you describe to me in detail
what's so average about him?
Like his vibe... and looks.
Do you pick your partner
based on their looks?
No...
So you like anyone
who's got a pretty face?
You might spend a long
life with that person,
and you only care about their looks?
I...
Above all,
whoever I like for whatever reason,
no one has the right to judge.
That was too much. Sorry.
Allow me to correct what you just said.
Amane is very handsome and gentle.
His quiet and warm personality
is very charming.
He's very gentlemanlike
and he respects me,
which I appreciate a lot.
He cares for me and supports
me when I'm having a hard time.
And at least, he doesn't speak ill of
people or step into their personal life.
Is there anything else you want to say?
No... there isn't...
I'm really sorry.
Let's have lunch together, Amane.
Okay.
-One... two...
-Three...
-Four...
-Five...
-Six...
I need to tell her.
I have to tell her when I get home.
How should I say it?
Amane.
I think you must have
a lot to say or ask me.
But can you allow me
to say something first?
Okay.
It's my fault that I cut off your retreat
and brought unwanted attention to you.
I'm really sorry.
I... I knew all along that
this would happen one day.
I knew you were in this consciously.
Aren't you mad?
I'm not mad.
Really?
I'm glad.
Can I apologize to you?
Why?
Sorry for being such a coward.
I knew everything but I was
too scared to make that crucial move.
I pretended that I didn't understand
your feelings. I'm so sorry.
That's alright.
Because I did exactly the same.
I wouldn't have made this move
if I hadn't been sure about
your feelings about me.
That's why I said
I'm a sly person.
Are you?
I'm slyer than you.
Can I say something now?
This is my first time falling for someone.
I used to think this would
never happen to me.
I thought I was unable
to like others.
Because of what happened before?
Yeah... exactly.
So I thought I could never
actually fall in love with someone.
But you proved me wrong so easily.
People change when they
meet someone they love.
At first, I thought you were charmless.
I know. You said it to my face.
Sorry about that.
When we just met,
you were cold and difficult,
and you weren't nice.
So I thought we could just
be together for our mutual interests.
But somehow, I started to want more.
I started to want to know you better,
I started to want to touch you,
cherish you from the bottom of my heart...
And I wanted you.
That was the first time
I ever felt like that.
Yes...
I've been denying my feelings because
I thought I didn't deserve you.
But you accepted me,
so I didn't want to give up.
I started to wonder what I should do
to make myself better for you.
But you made your move
before I take any action.
I've been keeping it down too.
You are so handsome,
I was so worried that someone
would take you from me.
And I was worried if you would like me.
Only you have such weird taste.
You are saying something like that again.
So from now on, I'll work hard
to change my impression.
Until people stop saying
you have a weird taste.
I will work hard to become a good man
who can match up to you...
Or... I should at least make
myself good enough to be confident.
I like you more than anyone else.
Will you be my girlfriend?
Yes.
I will never let you go.
I want to make you happy.
That's not a promise?
That's my wish.
I want to make you happy by myself.
As for promises,
I will definitely cherish you.